# MCT Daemon

This is the tool for log catching and writing between MCT log-reader and MCT log-writer.
MCT log-reader acts as a log consumer, and it consumes logs generated by MCT log-writer.
## Overview

- A **MCT Log writer** makes use of MCT Library by utilizing the API provided and
generates logs as a log generator.
- The **MCT Library** provides API for MCT log-writer
- The **MCT Daemon** is the MCT interface for communication between log-writer
and log-reader. It collects logs generated by log-writer and buffers them upon
log-reader's request. MCT Daemon also accepts control messages from log-reader to
adjust Daemon configuration or configure log-writer's behaviors.
- A **MCT Log reader** fetches logs from MCT Daemon and consumes logs. It could send
some control messages for configuration or trigger features (log catcher).

## Get Started

Follow this link to know how to [install and build](#install-and-build)
MCT Daemon and [run a MCT demo](#mct-demo) if you like, whatever :v

### Install and build

You need to install cmake for the build

```bash
sudo apt-get install cmake
```

Then proceed to download/clone MCT if you haven't already.

```bash
cd /path_to_ws
git clone https://github.com/minminlittleshrimp/MCT-daemon.git
```

To build and install the MCT daemon, follow these steps:

```bash
$cd /path_to_ws/mct-daemon
$mkdir build
$cd build
$cmake ..
$make
optional:
$sudo make install
$sudo ldconfig
```

### MCT demo
You could find a demo in [how to set up a MCT demo
setup](doc/mct_demo_setup.md).

### Configure, Control and Interface

| Document | Description |
|----|----|
| *Configuration* ||
|[mct-daemon](doc/mct-daemon.md) | MCT-Daemon and how to run |
|[mct.conf](doc/mct.conf.md) | Reflect user case by config MCT framework|
| *Control running instances of MCT*||
|[mct-log-writer](doc/mct-receive.1.md)| Receive and store MCT logs |
|[mct-log-reader](doc/mct-control.1.md)| Send MCT logs to the Daemon |
|[mct-log-converter](doc/mct-control.1.md)| Convert MCT log file to readable format |
|[mct-logstorage-ctrl](doc/mct-logstorage-ctrl.1.md)| Send a control signal to mount/unmount a device |

## Known issues

In case issues found, please contact via email or directly on the repo.

## Software/Hardware

Developed and tested with Ubuntu Linux 16 64-bit / Intel PC.

## Contact

Luu Quang, Minh <minhmark47@gmail.com>,

Hoang Quang, Chanh <chanhhoang999x@gmail.com>,

Nguyen Nhu, Thuan <ngnhuthuan99@gmail.com>